The Joker: Madness, as you know, is like gravity, all it takes is a little push.
The Joker: Ya wanna know how I got these scars? My father; was a drinker; and a fiend. And one night, he goes off craazier than usual. Mommy grabs the kitchen knife to defend herself. He doesn't like that. Not. One. Bit. So, me watching, he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. He turns to me and say, "Why so Serious?". He comes at me with the knife. "Why so serious?". Sticks the blade in my mouth. "Let's put a smile on that face!". Aaaaaand. (Turns to hostage behind victim) "Why so serious?" (cuts victim's mouth)
The Joker: Ya wanna know how I got these scars? My father; was a drinker; and a fiend. And one night, he goes off crazier than usual. Mommy grabs the kitchen knife to defend herself. He doesn't like that. Not. One. Bit. So, me watching, he takes the knife to her, laughing while he does it. He turns to me and say, why so serious? He comes at me with the knife. Why so serious? Sticks the blade in my mouth. Let's put a smile on that face! Aaaaaand. Why so serious?
Harvey Dent: It's not about what I want. It's about what's fair!
The Joker: Don't talk like you're one of them! You're not, even if you'd like to be. To them you're just a freak, like me. They need you right now, but when they don't, they'll cast you out—like a leper. See, their morals, their "code"…it's a bad joke, dropped at the first sign of trouble. They're only as good as the world allows them to be. I'll show you, when the chips are down, these—ah—"civilised people"? They'll eat each other. See, I'm not a monster. I'm just ahead of the curve.
Alfred: Some men just want to watch the world burn.
Gordon: He's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now. So we'll hunt him. Because he can take it. Because he's not our hero. He's a silent guardian. A watchful protector.
Gordon: Because we have to chase him. Because he's the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now, so we'll hunt him. Because he can take it, because he's not a hero. He's a silent guardian, a watchful protector, a Dark Knight.
Joker: Its simple, we kill the Batman.
Joker: If your good at something never do it for free.
Gambol: You're just a freak in a cheap suit.
Joker: The suit, it ain't cheap, you oughta know you bought it.
Harvey Dent: Carbon fibre, 28 calibre, Made in China, if you want to kill a public servant Mr Maroni i recommend you buy American.
Batman/Bruce Wayne: I'm not wearing hockey pads.
Joker: You know what I've noticed? Nobody panics when things go "according to plan". Even if the plan is horrifying. If, tomorrow, I tell the press that, like, a gang banger will get shot, or a truckload of soldiers will be blown up, nobody panics, because it's all "part of the plan". But when I say that one little old mayor will die, well then everyone loses their minds!
Joker: I want my phone call.
CIA MAN: Dr. Pavel, I'm CIA.
CIA MAN: You don't get to bring friends.
DRIVER: They were trying to grab your prize. (Smiles.) They work for the mercenary. The masked man.
CIA MAN: The flight plan I just filed with the Agency lists me, my men, and Dr. Pavel here. But only one of you.
CIA MAN: FIRST ONE TO TALK GETS TO STAY ON MY AIRCRAFT! (Cocks weapon.)
CIA MAN: SO... WHO PAID YOU TO GRAB DR. PAVEL? !
CIA MAN: HE DIDN'T FLY SO GOOD! WHO WANTS TO TRY NEXT?!
CIA MAN: TELL ME ABOUT BANE! WHY DOES HE WEAR THE MASK? !
CIA MAN: LOT OF LOYALTY FOR A HIRED GUN!
BANE: Or he's wondering why someone would shoot a man before throwing him out of an aeroplane.
CIA MAN: Wiseguy, huh? At least you can talk. Who are you?
BANE: We are nothing. We are the dirt beneath your feet . And no one cared who I was until I put on the mask...
BANE: Who we are does not matter. What matters is our plan.
CIA MAN: If I pull this off, will you die?
BANE: It would be extremely painful .
CIA MAN: You're a big guy -
BANE: For you.
CIA MAN: (unnerved) Was being caught part of your plan?
BANE: Of course. Dr. Pavel refused our offer in favor of yours. We had to know what he told you about us.
BANE: Him, I need healthy. You present no such problem.
CIA MAN: Well congratulations, you got yourselves caught. What's the next step of your master plan?
BANE: Crashing this plane...
BANE: With no survivors .
BANE: Friend. They expect one of us in the wreckage.
HOODED MAN 2: Have we started the fire?
BANE: (nods) The fire rises.
BANE: Calm, Doctor. Now is not time for fear...
BANE: That comes later.
